hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the Lenovo Y
700 so this model comes in three
different screen sizes a 14 inch a 15
inch and a 17 inch the 15 and 17 inch
both are equipped with skylake core i7s
and they both have gtx 960m
and that's a loadout that's been
reviewed multiple times on this channel
like a lot of gaming laptops right now
have that exact same specification and
very similar performance but what caught
my interest was at 14-inch model it's an
$800 gaming laptop that's thinner and
lighter than your average gaming laptop
let's take a look okay inside the box
there's lots of padding you get the
laptop the AC adapter and some pamphlets
the top is a textured plastic finish
that looks a little bit like carbon
fiber you have to tilt it to see the
weave it's pretty subtle and for fake
carbon-fiber I think they did a good job
the bottom is the same material plastic
with a carbon fiber look there's a big
air intake here and if you remove the
screws you can access the internals
inside you have two RAM slots that you
can upgrade they give you an 8 gig stick
so you only have to buy a second stick
to hit 16 gigs you can replace the hard
drive if you want and there's even an m2
SATA socket the device is relatively
light for a gaming laptop it comes in at
4.8 pounds and it's also pretty thin for
ports on the Left we have a power socket
USB 2 port audio jack and a system
restore button and on the right we have
a deep SD card slot a pair of USB 3
ports full size HDMI port and an
Ethernet jack on the back there's some
red grille looking things which I
thought were kind of cool but when you
pop off that cover it's just for design
there's nothing special in here it's
just a hinge the build quality of the
hinge is pretty good the mechanism feels
nice and solid the screen has a little
bit of flex to it it's nothing too bad
and the keyboard area feels well-made
it's nice and rigid as well I'm not a
big fan of the screen hinges being close
together like this like you can put some
unwanted force on the hinge every time
you open it but the build quality is
good so it's probably not an issue
this is the base model 14 inch so it has
a core i7 running at 2.6 gigahertz a
14-inch 1080p screen AMD em 375 graphics
chip eight gigs of RAM 500 gigs of
storage and it goes for $800 us the
inside has a brushed metal surface that
actually feels pretty premium now lenovo
usually makes really good keyboards this
isn't the best one i've used from them
but it's pretty solid
the key travel feels good and is backlit
with red lighting I have the
International keyboard here so the
layout around the Enter key is a little
bit weird but I've been told that the
u.s. keyboard has a normal shaped Enter
key the trackpad is okay the surface is
a little too smooth for me but I like
the tracking it doesn't skip around
which is really important to me but the
buttons are very stiff if you're a
tapped a click person it won't bother
you but if you like to click with the
physical buttons you're going to need to
press them pretty hard the JBL branded
speakers are up at the top of the
keyboard here underneath these red
grilles the bass is pretty weak but the
mids and higher frequencies sound good
at moderate volumes but they start to
distort pretty quickly if you crank it
up too loud the screen is a 14 inch IPS
panel running at 1920 by 1080 it gets
reasonably bright with decent viewing
angles and the contrast is pretty good
but if you need a color accurate image
for a web or for print work you'll need
an external monitor the drive that they
include is a 5400 rpm Drive so drive
speeds are going to be slow it doesn't
affect frame rates and games but I would
highly recommend upgrading this drive
yourself if it fits your budget okay in
terms of gaming on paper and with
benchmarks the AMD video card is like 10
to 20 percent slower than a 960 mm
depending on the benchmark now after
playing a ton of games on this thing the
performance difference really depends on
the type of game you want to play so
light games will still break 60 frames
per second at 1080 P even with all the
graphics turned up you're getting lower
frame rates than a 960 M but it's still
above 60 frames per second more
demanding games like fallout 4 and
Rainbow six siege these games have a
noticeable hit in performance if you
want to hit 60 frames per second you'll
have to lower the graphics down and even
on medium graphics and Rainbow six once
in a while I drop into the 50s so this
is more than good enough for me but
depending on how like MLG you are it
might not fit you're in
it's the most surprising numbers
actually came from really demanding
open-world games like Witcher 3 will be
around 35 40 frames per second at 1080p
if you lower the resolution you
obviously get better frame rates the
system is pretty quiet overall it idles
at around 25 decibels because of that
mechanical drive and when it's under
load it's in the high 30s thermally it
also seems properly cooled there's two
fans in there and it never goes too far
above 100 Fahrenheit it's still
comfortable to use the AC adapter is 135
watts and it charges a pretty small
battery inside there it's a 45 watt hour
battery and it charges fast so a full
charge takes less than an hour the
battery life is pretty short so regular
use with screen at around 75% brightness
I was able to get just over three and a
half hours and playing games I got less
than an hour now granted it is a small
laptop with a small battery and it's got
a dedicated graphics card so you kind of
expect it to have short battery life
that's just the laws of physics ok with
the 14 inch lenovo Y 700 you get a light
laptop made with a mix of plastic and
metals with good build quality the 14
inch screen gets reasonably bright but
it has poor color accuracy the keyboard
is comfortable to use and the trackpad
has good tracking but it has very stiff
buttons on the inside the skylake core
i7 is an established processing Beast
the AMD M 375 graphics chip isn't as
powerful as a 960 M but it's still
respectable and it can play most current
titles the eight gigs of ram and the
hard drive are both upgradeable and
there's an m2 SATA socket in there if
you want a second storage drive and
lastly there's a 45 watt hour battery
that lasts about three and a half hours
of regular use okay so the AMD chip
that's inside this thing is a decent
performer but it's not as powerful as a
960 M so if you're looking for like the
best value best bang for your buck
gaming performance this won't be it you
can get a 15-inch gaming laptop for 800
bucks and it will have a 960
Sulekha dell inspiron seven five five
nine or maybe the 15-inch version of
this one is on sale but if you're
looking for a gaming laptop that's is
still really portable and powerful this
is one of very few options and this is
actually a pretty good choice and the
best thing about it all is that lenovo
has really big sales once in a while and
you can probably get this thing for like
650 maybe even $700 when it's on a big
sale that's the end of this review hope
you guys liked it thumbs have you liked
it subs if you loved it it's been nice
see you guys next time